Hey guys! A few of you, actually a lot of you, have asked about the anime content of our channel.
Most of you came here because we used to do only anime reviews, and that's what you wanted to see.
Although nowadays we do a whole lot of other stuff too.
Well those of you waiting on anime content, did you know we've been releasing riffs of Bible Black, the New Testament all this time?
YouTube doesn't accept hand-to-eye or non-safe work videos, so whenever we do them they go up on our BlipTV page or our currently in beta website.
In that same vein, did you know we've also done riffs of the first season of Bible Black, and Boku no Pico, only available at those places?
As for future anime content, I don't mean riffs of hand-to-eye but actual reviews. They are coming.
The final part of Bible Black, the New Testament will be uploaded at the same time as this video,
and then throughout the summer I will be releasing one anime related video every two weeks.
This won't disrupt the video game stuff or anything else we've been releasing,
it's just me getting back on track regarding what a lot of people have been asking for for months.
YouTube doesn't accept hand-to-eye or non-safe work videos, so whenever we do them they go up on our BlipTV page or our currently in beta website.
This won't disrupt the video game stuff or anything else we've been releasing, it's just me getting back on track.